
# HeadersFooters Object (Word)

A collection of  **[HeaderFooter](3f2f926a-9220-5536-80ed-af63d2feb016.md)** objects that represent the headers or footers in the specified section of a document.


## Remarks

Use the  **Headers** or **Footers** property to return the **HeadersFooters** collection. The following example displays the text from the primary footer in the first section of the active document.


```
With ActiveDocument.Sections(1).Footers(wdHeaderFooterPrimary) 
 If .Range.Text <> vbCr Then 
 MsgBox .Range.Text 
 Else 
 MsgBox "Footer is empty" 
 End If 
End With
```


 **注释**  You cannot add  **HeaderFooter** objects to the **HeadersFooters** collection.

Use  **Headers** (Index) or **Footers** (Index), where index is one of the **WdHeaderFooterIndex** constants ( **wdHeaderFooterEvenPages**, **wdHeaderFooterFirstPage**, or **wdHeaderFooterPrimary** ), to return a single **HeaderFooter** object. The following example changes the text of both the primary header and the primary footer the first section of the active document.




```
With ActiveDocument.Sections(1) 
 .Headers(wdHeaderFooterPrimary).Range.Text = "Header text" 
 .Footers(wdHeaderFooterPrimary).Range.Text = "Footer text" 
End With
```

You can also return a single  **HeaderFooter** object by using the **HeaderFooter** property with a **Selection** object.

Use the  **DifferentFirstPageHeaderFooter** property with the **PageSetup** object to specify a different first page. The following example inserts text into the first page footer in the active document.




```
With ActiveDocument 
 .PageSetup.DifferentFirstPageHeaderFooter = True 
 .Sections(1).Footers(wdHeaderFooterFirstPage) _ 
 .Range.InsertBefore _ 
 "Written by Kate Edson" 
End With
```

Use the  **OddAndEvenPagesHeaderFooter** property with the **PageSetup** object to specify different odd and even page headers and footers. If the **OddAndEvenPagesHeaderFooter** property is **True**, you can return an odd header or footer by using **wdHeaderFooterPrimary**, and you can return an even header or footer by using **wdHeaderFooterEvenPages**.

Use the  **Add** method with the **PageNumbers** object to add a page number to a header or footer. The following example adds page numbers to the first page footer in the first section in the active document.




```
With ActiveDocument.Sections(1) 
 .PageSetup.DifferentFirstPageHeaderFooter = True 
 .Footers(wdHeaderFooterPrimary).PageNumbers.Add _ 
 FirstPage:=True 
End With
```


## Methods



|**Name**|
|:-----|
|[Item](b6449c22-d528-acce-4308-28fa81e596c5.md)|

## Properties



|**Name**|
|:-----|
|[Application](743b07e7-6064-cac9-f25e-5fd4a1583ac7.md)|
|[Count](49f10d36-26b2-9937-04a2-f4c13de9536b.md)|
|[Creator](20a07fa4-5bce-fd6b-aec9-08b2fe3f818a.md)|
|[Parent](fe2fd8eb-6f90-fe5a-0d3f-a77d566b9b78.md)|

## 另请参阅


#### 概念


[Word Object Model Reference](be452561-b436-bb9b-6f94-3faa9a74a6fd.md)