
# Selection.GoTo Method (Word)

Moves the insertion point to the character position immediately preceding the specified item, and returns a  **Range** object (except for the **wdGoToGrammaticalError**,  **wdGoToProofreadingError**, or  **wdGoToSpellingError** constant).


## Syntax

 _表达式_. **GoTo**( ** _What_**, ** _Which_**, ** _Count_**, ** _Name_** )

 _表达式_ Required. A variable that represents a **[Selection](7b574a91-c33e-ecfd-6783-6b7528b2ed8f.md)** object.


### Parameters


|
|

### Return Value

Range


## Remarks

When you use the  **GoTo** method with the **wdGoToGrammaticalError**,  **wdGoToProofreadingError**, or  **wdGoToSpellingError** constant, the **Range** object that is returned includes any grammar error text or spelling error text.

The following examples are functionally equivalent; they both move the selection to the first heading in the document.




```
Selection.GoTo What:=wdGoToHeading, Which:=wdGoToFirst
Selection.GoTo What:=wdGoToHeading, Which:=wdGoToAbsolute, Count:=1
```

The following example moves the selection to the fourth line in the document.




```
Selection.GoTo What:=wdGoToLine, Which:=wdGoToAbsolute, Count:=4
```

The following example moves the selection up two lines.




```
Selection.GoTo What:=wdGoToLine, Which:=wdGoToPrevious, Count:=2
```

The following example moves to the next DATE field.




```
Selection.GoTo What:=wdGoToField, Name:="Date"
```


## Example

This example moves the selection to the first cell in the next table.


```
Selection.GoTo What:=wdGoToTable, Which:=wdGoToNext
```


## Example

This example moves the insertion point just before the fifth endnote reference mark in the active document.


```
If ActiveDocument.Endnotes.Count >= 5 Then
    Selection.GoTo What:=wdGoToEndnote, _
        Which:=wdGoToAbsolute, Count:=5
End If
```


## Example

This example moves the selection down four lines.


```
Selection.GoTo What:=wdGoToLine, Which:=wdGoToRelative, Count:=4
```


## Example

This example moves the selection back two pages.


```
Selection.GoTo What:=wdGoToPage, Which:=wdGoToPrevious, Count:=2
```

