
# WebOptions.OrganizeInFolder Property (Word)

 **True** if all supporting files, such as background textures and graphics, are organized in a separate folder when you save the specified document as a Web page. **False** if supporting files are saved in the same folder as the Web page. The default value is **True**. Read/write **Boolean**.


## Syntax

 _表达式_. **OrganizeInFolder**

 _表达式_ Required. A variable that represents a **[WebOptions](658ae89d-3f92-067b-1309-7fc90b257111.md)** collection.


## Remarks

The new folder is created in the folder where you have saved the Web page and is named after the document. If long file names are used, a suffix is added to the folder name. The  **[FolderSuffix](3661519e-3f69-8cff-3674-40921fd00709.md)** property returns wither the folder suffix for the language support you have selected or installed or the default folder suffix.

If you save a document that was previously saved with the  **OrganizeInFolder** property set to a different value, Microsoft Word automatically moves the supporting files into or out of the folder, as appropriate.

If you don't use long file names (that is, if the  **[UseLongFileNames](25676029-e480-ac84-076a-95d3a41a800d.md)** property is set to **False** ), Microsoft Word automatically saves any supporting files in a separate folder. The files cannot be saved in the same folder as the Web page.


## Example

This example specifies that all supporting files are saved in the same folder when the document is saved as a Web page.


```
Application.DefaultWebOptions.OrganizeInFolder = False
```


## 另请参阅


#### 概念


[WebOptions Object](658ae89d-3f92-067b-1309-7fc90b257111.md)
#### 其他资源


[WebOptions Object Members](http://msdn.microsoft.com/library/f4fb7f5c-d82a-3a94-bcae-9e9f1fb43872%28Office.15%29.aspx)