
# Dialogs Object (Excel)

A collection of all the  **[Dialog](adabcd3b-fc48-d314-3ae5-f1b2ba148383.md)** objects in Microsoft Excel.


## Remarks

 Each **Dialog** object represents a built-in dialog box. You cannot create a new built-in dialog box or add one to the collection. The only useful thing you can do with a **Dialog** object is use it with the **[Show](7c69ecc2-fdd5-c91b-1c66-e3099bd69cb7.md)** method to display the dialog corresponding dialog box.

The Microsoft Excel Visual Basic object library includes built-in constants for many of the built-in dialog boxes. Each constant is formed from the prefix "xlDialog" followed by the name of the dialog box. For example, the  **Apply Names** dialog box constant is **xlDialogApplyNames**, and the **Find File** dialog box constant is **xlDialogFindFile**. These constants are members of the **[XlBuiltinDialog](18f10073-3793-f7e8-4361-72011e60cd4c.md)** enumerated type.


## Example

Use the [Dialogs](0d04aa87-9872-23e5-78e3-c9e3da2c8eb5.md) property to return the **Dialogs** collection. The following code example displays the number of available built-in Microsoft Excel dialog boxes.


```
MsgBox Application.Dialogs.Count
```

Use  **Dialogs** ( _index_ ), where _index_ is a built-in constant identifying the dialog box, to return a single **Dialog** object. The following example runs the built-in **File Open** dialog box.




```
dlgAnswer = Application.Dialogs(xlDialogOpen).Show
```



 **Sample code provided by:** Bill Jelen,[MrExcel.com](http://www.mrexcel.com/)

The following code example opens an e-mail message in Microsoft Outlook with the current workbook attached.




```
Sub SendIt() 
    Application.Dialogs(xlDialogSendMail).Show arg1:="ask@mrexcel.com", arg2:="This goes in the subject line" 
End Sub 

```


## About the Contributor
<a name="AboutContributor"> </a>

MVP Bill Jelen 是二十多部关于 Microsoft Excel 书籍的作者。他是 Leo Laporte 的 TechTV 节目的常客，也是包括 300,000 多个关于 Excel 的问题和解答的 MrExcel.com 网站的主办人。


## Properties
<a name="AboutContributor"> </a>



|**Name**|
|:-----|
|[Application](b6ff53d9-77c0-54a1-b867-19922ac8a3a2.md)|
|[Count](aafcfb50-68fc-4e02-47d7-1317df4d343a.md)|
|[Creator](4685d784-ba3f-6543-1e5e-dba7b6d6a088.md)|
|[Item](f9200ca3-711b-92ee-81b2-7c9cf1d104af.md)|
|[Parent](d0dca197-b5a8-4b4d-43da-29f804fc0461.md)|

## 另请参阅
<a name="AboutContributor"> </a>


#### 概念


[Excel Object Model Reference](11ea8598-8a20-92d5-f98b-0da04263bf2c.md)